Add DevOps, CI/CD, and performance optimization instructions (#58)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/containerization-docker-best-practices.instructions.md

---

> applyTo: ["*"]

Author: Done

> description: "Comprehensive best practices for creating optimized, secure, and efficient Docker images and managing containers. Covers multi-stage builds, image layer optimization, security scanning, and runtime best practices."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Comprehensive best practices for creating optimized, secure, and efficient Docker images and managing containers. Covers multi-stage builds, image layer optimization, security scanning, and runtime best practices.'
```
